This is Felix's widget.

My widget is a Sunrise/Sunset display that tells the user the sunrise and sunset time, and can be given further details such as dawn, dusk, daylength and golden hour when they scroll across using the side buttons.  It imports the data from SunriseSunset.io, an API service that provides many different data types relating to sun position and time. 

It works by first requesting the users coordinates. If the user accepts location services then it inputs the coordinates into a url. If not, it creates a random set of coordinates with a latitude limit of +- 60 (rules out arctic and antarctic places) to input instead, or uses the last known coordinates from the users current session. After fetching data the data it puts it into slides to display it. It has buttons on either side to slide through 3 sets of data, which minimizes clutter on screen but still allows the user to choose to know more.

It was important to me that the widget fit in with the website, so i chose simple, neutral coloured graphics that added interest to the widget without being distracting. It also credits the API and the vector art used, which would be important for a public website from a copyright aspect. I have implemented them in a way that looks natural and doesn't detract from the widgets aesthetic. The first, default slide is intentionally a deep blue as that is the main colour of the page and will always be a similar colour to the weather widget it sits next to. This increases cohesiveness, but the next slides are different, more exciting colours that stand out, to show change and change the look of the page.
